Added Context and stack of the project (#15)
KnpLabs/pimp-my-knpeer: README.md

# pimp my knpeer

## Context 

> This is a small React project which allows you to create and download an avatar. It is a Toy project created during the two last KNPHackatons. 

Reviewer: *KNPHackathons

## What about?

> Create an app so that each knpeer can make his own personalized avatar.
> This is a project we already started at the last Hackathon. The goal is to learn react and make an app to generate avatars for KNPeers.  

Reviewer 2: It is a bit repetitive. We could reformulate it maybe... something like this ?
```suggestion
PimpMyKnpeer is an application that enables the user to create an avatar and personalize each part of it choosing from a library of elements (eyebrows, mouths, etc.).
The goal of this project is to experiment with React.
```

## Stack

> - React/Redux

Reviewer: There is no Redux for the moment, we should add this specification when the Redux PR will be merged

## Links

- [Repo](https://github.com/KnpLabs/pimp-my-knpeer)

> - [Site](https://pimp-my-knpeer.glitch.me/) 

Reviewer: [Demo]
